README.md, before:

# Key to Cardiff
*Unlock the City*

The purpose of the website is to promote my city, the city of Cardiff and what it has to offer. A modern guide book.

*Responsive photo here*

You can view the live website [here](#)

## Table of Contents

- [User Experiance](#User-Experiance-(UX))

# User Experiance (UX)

## User Stories


*As a user, I want to*

* know the purpose of this website.
* navigate this website with ease on any device from my first visit.
* be able to read all content and clearly view images displayed.
* be able to find interesting locations to visit in Cardiff.
* discover upcoming events happening in the city.
* be able to contact the owner of the website.

*As a Site owner, I want to*

* provide accurate and up to date information about activities and attractions in the city of Cardiff and also display this information as geographical locations.
* promote the city of Cardiff using imagery throughout the website.
* display an error message if a feature or function fails to communicate this to the user.
* provide a way to contact me if people have questions or suggestions about information on my website.
---
## Strategy

The purpose of the website is to promote my city, the city of Cardiff and what it has to offer. A modern guide book. It holds all the best locations in the city whether we are talking restaurants, bars or recreational spots. The target audience of Key to Cardiff isn't restricted to people new to the city, but instead anyone who wants to get more put of Cardiff and discover somewhere new. Whether you've been here for a day or all your life, you'll find something new at key to Cardiff.

Once I reviewed the competing websites in this market, I noticed a common theme in that they all seemed to have the same popular locations that would be great for tourists of the city but no other hidden gems favourited by the locals that are helping make Cardiff what it is today. So I wanted to use this to my advantage and help my website stand out by appealing to tourists and also those who live in Cardiff by suggesting locations they might have not heard of or tried as they don't get put in the limelight on other sites.

The business goals that the website is required aimed to fulfil start with the aim to increase brand awareness and loyalty. This will be achieved by strategic brand logo placement throughout the website and keeping a colour scheme that will be associated with the brand throughout the website. At the footer of the website, they can also connect to the company social media platforms. As the websites user base grows so will the return rate of users looking for updated information and new locations to visit this will help improve business for any business displayed on my website which will increase demand to be listed and that will result in sales between Key to Cardiff and local businesses.

To maximise the efficiency of this website I will implement the User needs stated in the user stories and combine that with the business goals.

---
## Scope

Features to be included on the website are:

* Buttons that the user can select for different attractions such as bars, attractions and restaurants. These buttons will display the corresponding categories on the adjacent map.
* A dark mode toggle switch on the website that changes font and background colour to a darker colour scheme as well as displaying photos of Cardiff at night.
* An Events section with upcoming events happening in Cardiff. Displayed on cards  in a carousel motion.
* Animated photo gallery that highlights Cardiff moving side to side.
* A contact form that sends an email to the site owner once submitted.
* A section for Cardiff bay to show what that has to offer.

---
## Structure

Key to Cardiff is a single scrollable website with 7 sections. The sections are:

### Home / About us
The home section of Key to Cardiff is comprised of a navigation bar, a hero image, a dark mode toggler and finally a brief text section about Cardiff.

### Time
The Time section's use is to display activities that are available depending on the time of day you choose. If night is selected then the theme of the website changes and will display a darker theme and night photos in the photo carousel.

### Location
The location Section contains two locations, Cardiff and Cardiff bay. Once you pick a location it will display activities relevant to your location selection.

### Map
The Map section contains information and locations of places in Cardiff organised via buttons. Once clicked the attractions will be displayed on a  map adjacent to the buttons.

### Photo carousel
The photo carousel will display photos of Cardiff and Cardiff bay. The photos displayed are also dependent on whether dark mode is activated or not.

### Events
The Events section contains information about upcoming events in Cardiff and links to more information and where to purchase tickets at Ticketmaster. This is done using the Ticketmaster API.

### Contact us
The Contact us section contains a form for feedback from the user as well as a way for businesses to contact Key to Cardiff to get their business displayed on the website.

---
## Surface Design

I used [Miro](https://miro.com/) to design and plan every aspect of this project including my wireframes.

### Colours
I used Y In Mn Blue and Pacific Blue as the main two colours for my themes. I have a dark theme and a light theme. The light theme is displayed by default and is used when looking for activities/locations to visit in the day. The DArk theme is displayed when looking for locations to visit in the evening/night. The dark orange is for an opposing colour to add some contrast to certain elements on the website. I then have Alice Blue and Oxford Blue as text colours.

### Typography
I have chosen to use [Quicksand](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Quicksand) for my headings as it has a modern but welcoming feel to it. 
As for my body font, I decided to use [Montserrat](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat) as I feel it compliments Quicksand very well as they are from the same font family.

### Icons
All icons used in this project are sourced from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).

Commit message:

Edited README.md structure Section to reflect changes made on wireframes.

README.md, after:

# Key to Cardiff
*Unlock the City*

The purpose of the website is to promote my city, the city of Cardiff and what it has to offer. A modern guide book.

*Responsive photo here*

You can view the live website [here](#)

## Table of Contents

- [User Experiance](#User-Experiance-(UX))

# User Experiance (UX)

## User Stories


*As a user, I want to*

* know the purpose of this website.
* navigate this website with ease on any device from my first visit.
* be able to read all content and clearly view images displayed.
* be able to find interesting locations to visit in Cardiff.
* discover upcoming events happening in the city.
* be able to contact the owner of the website.

*As a Site owner, I want to*

* provide accurate and up to date information about activities and attractions in the city of Cardiff and also display this information as geographical locations.
* promote the city of Cardiff using imagery throughout the website.
* display an error message if a feature or function fails to communicate this to the user.
* provide a way to contact me if people have questions or suggestions about information on my website.
---
## Strategy

The purpose of the website is to promote my city, the city of Cardiff and what it has to offer. A modern guide book. It holds all the best locations in the city whether we are talking restaurants, bars or recreational spots. The target audience of Key to Cardiff isn't restricted to people new to the city, but instead anyone who wants to get more put of Cardiff and discover somewhere new. Whether you've been here for a day or all your life, you'll find something new at key to Cardiff.

Once I reviewed the competing websites in this market, I noticed a common theme in that they all seemed to have the same popular locations that would be great for tourists of the city but no other hidden gems favourited by the locals that are helping make Cardiff what it is today. So I wanted to use this to my advantage and help my website stand out by appealing to tourists and also those who live in Cardiff by suggesting locations they might have not heard of or tried as they don't get put in the limelight on other sites.

The business goals that the website is required aimed to fulfil start with the aim to increase brand awareness and loyalty. This will be achieved by strategic brand logo placement throughout the website and keeping a colour scheme that will be associated with the brand throughout the website. At the footer of the website, they can also connect to the company social media platforms. As the websites user base grows so will the return rate of users looking for updated information and new locations to visit this will help improve business for any business displayed on my website which will increase demand to be listed and that will result in sales between Key to Cardiff and local businesses.

To maximise the efficiency of this website I will implement the User needs stated in the user stories and combine that with the business goals.

---
## Scope

Features to be included on the website are:

* Buttons that the user can select for different attractions such as bars, attractions and restaurants. These buttons will display the corresponding categories on the adjacent map.
* A dark mode toggle switch on the website that changes font and background colour to a darker colour scheme as well as displaying photos of Cardiff at night.
* An Events section with upcoming events happening in Cardiff. Displayed on cards  in a carousel motion.
* Animated photo gallery that highlights Cardiff moving side to side.
* A contact form that sends an email to the site owner once submitted.
* A section for Cardiff bay to show what that has to offer.

---
## Structure

Key to Cardiff is a single scrollable website with 7 sections. The sections are:

### Home / About us
The home section of Key to Cardiff is comprised of a navigation bar, a hero image, a dark mode toggler and finally a brief text section about Cardiff.

### Map
The Map section contains information and locations of places in Cardiff. A set of buttons are used to filter the results, the results are then desplayed on the map.

### Photo carousel
The photo carousel will display photos of Cardiff and Cardiff bay. The photos displayed are also dependent on whether dark mode is activated or not.

### Events
The Events section contains information about upcoming events in Cardiff and links to more information and where to purchase tickets at Ticketmaster. This is done using the Ticketmaster API.

### Contact us
The Contact us section contains a form for feedback from the user as well as a way for businesses to contact Key to Cardiff to get their business displayed on the website.

---
## Surface Design

I used [Miro](https://miro.com/) to design and plan every aspect of this project including my wireframes.

### Colours
I used Y In Mn Blue and Pacific Blue as the main two colours for my themes. I have a dark theme and a light theme. The light theme is displayed by default and is used when looking for activities/locations to visit in the day. The DArk theme is displayed when looking for locations to visit in the evening/night. The dark orange is for an opposing colour to add some contrast to certain elements on the website. I then have Alice Blue and Oxford Blue as text colours.

### Typography
I have chosen to use [Quicksand](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Quicksand) for my headings as it has a modern but welcoming feel to it. 
As for my body font, I decided to use [Montserrat](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat) as I feel it compliments Quicksand very well as they are from the same font family.

### Icons
All icons used in this project are sourced from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).
